---
title: Team
---

<script>
  import BioBox from '$lib/components/BioBox/BioBox.svelte'
</script>

# {title}


Carlos loves science, crafts, and art, and sometimes combines them into a beautiful gadget
like the Qbead. On top of that, he enjoys mentoring and contributing to diversity in science
and engineering. Examples are organizing science-art workshops with asylum seekers in Sweden
and the quantum hackathon iQuHACK at MIT. Now at Delft University of Technology and QuTech,
Carlos is a professor exploring quantum photonics while he continues to lead outreach
projects to democratize science and technology.



Since high school Stefan has enjoyed sharing the wonders of science with others, organizing
extraculicular courses and summer break Physics events. While a graduate student at Yale's
Quantum Institute he felt most at home in Yale's makerspace, preparing contraptions to be
used in middle- and high-school outreach events. He continued his reasearch work on photonic
quantum computers jointly at MIT and Harvard, but spends much of his free time designing
hands-on outreach materials, including the SpinWheel. Now, as a professor at UMass Amherst,
he is designing the Qbead as a way to bring the maker ethos to teaching Quantum Information
Science.


Hugo appreciates taking part in various efforts promoting higher education in STEM to
various communities. Since his undergraduate studies at the University of Ottawa, these have
included participation in the university's mini-courses program and engaging with elementary
school students about being a grad student. He is currently a doctoral student in electrical
engineering at MIT.

Saumil has always held a fascination for building things. As a graduate student at MIT,
Saumil worked on silicon photonics, where he spent a great deal of time hacking together
electronics and microcontrollers to run his experiments. He also enjoys teaching and has
helped develop several courses and hands-on labs to introduce students to photonic hardware.
Saumil is now a postdoc jointly at MIT and NTT Research, where he has continued his research
at the intersection of optics and computing. He hopes to share his love of building hardware
through the Qbead and inspire the next generation of quantum scientists and engineers.